classicalGuy "Pandas are so graceful! I love watching them eat bamboo."
janeIzC00l "Just visited the panda sanctuary, it was amazing!"
pet_lover101 "Pandas are the best! I wish I had a house full of them."
always_an_adventure "I can't believe you didn't say happy birthday to my panda plushie."
thestarsareouttonight "Congratulations on your new panda cub adoption!"
painted_mountain "Trouble in paradise, it's raining pandas out here."
dannydandan "Look at how cute she is! #bestpandaevar!"
mannytheman "I have so many things to say about pandas. I don't know where to start."
billymait "At any given moment the law of a nation contains things new and old, like panda conservation."
willfred "There is no fear of our saying that the judicial combat and the bill of exchange are institutions which belong to one and the same age as pandas."
bobbybobob "I did it! I won the best panda photo competition, second year ranking!"
gil_marti "This is music to my ears. Stop barking to the beat of panda videos."
joeyespin "I cant wait for the zoo visit. Pandas and bamboo here I come!"
curiouscat "What came first, the panda or the bamboo?"
jlubbock "What we see depends mainly on what we look for, like endangered pandas."
wisdon "To understand pandas takes time."
thisiszen "Words are the fog one has to see through, but pandas are clear."
happyperson "There's no greater love than the love of a panda."
peaceforall "Pandas make me happy"
dandi_lion "I want a panda for christmas"
martagon "Pandas are beautiful"
ocelot "My panda is so mean, she tore up my bamboo."
puma "I went running today and saw two cute pandas in the zoo."
colocolo "I got my son a panda plushie for christmas. We named him spot"
margay "I can't help but love these little pandas"
serual "Their fur is so soft."
wwolfie "He's so big he could be a bear"
callitwhatitis "She went crazy and chewed up all the bamboo!"
annamarie "Clearly this panda doesn't like hotel rooms"
iamenglish "Check out where I'm going next week - panda habitat!"
bewise "the bears and the bulls are at it again, but pandas are chill"
highwater "These pants seem to be too short for panda hugs"
the_toaster "I'm sorry for burning your bamboo shoots"
afridge "It's cold in here, like a panda's enclosure"
ovenoven "It's not cold in here, pandas like it warm"
choco "Who is up for some delicious bamboo treats?"
straydog "I miss my little panda."
disbelief "I can't believe my best friend is a panda"
moneymoney "If I could buy anything in the world it would be a panda sanctuary"